Fix missing links in docs (#2416)
urllib3/urllib3: docs/user-guide.rst

    http = urllib3.PoolManager()

> To make a request use :meth:`~request.RequestMethods.request`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a request use :meth:`~urllib3.PoolManager.request`:
```

This only changes the warning, but you still have a warning because this does not link to anywhere in the documentation. The fix in this case is to add `:inherited-members:` to `urllib3.PoolManager` in `docs/reference/urllib3.poolmanager.rst`. And since it's documented as `urllib3.PoolManager`, I've found that using that in the text allows Sphinx to find it, hence the suggestion.

``request()`` returns a :class:`~response.HTTPResponse` object, the
:ref:`response_content` section explains how to handle various responses.

> You can use :meth:`~request.RequestMethods.request` to make requests using any

Reviewer: Same as above.

----------------

The :class:`~response.HTTPResponse` object provides
:attr:`~response.BaseHTTPResponse.status`, :attr:`~response.HTTPResponse.data`, and

> :attr:`~response.BaseHTTPResponse.headers` attributes:

Reviewer: This case is different from `request()`. Unlike `RequestMethods` we may want to show the inheritance explicitly in the documentation (i.e. document `headers` in `BaseHTTPResponse`, and `data` in `HTTPResponse`), so this may be correct. (Note: this change not lower the number of warnings because that attribute is not documented and `BaseHTTPResponse` isn't currently part of the reference. Here's how you can [document attributes](https://github.com/python-trio/trio/blob/4b0388b7c9442e9bea5259460cd64687bff8c26b/trio/_subprocess.py#L86-L107))

@sethmlarson Do we want to document `BaseHTTPResponse` separately or should each subclass documentation contain the inherited members docs?

Reviewer: Dicussed a bit offline with Seth, and he confirmed that we don't want `BaseHTTPResponse` to be in the actual docs.

Headers
~~~~~~~

> You can specify headers as a dictionary in the ``headers`` argument in :meth:`~urllib3.request`:

Reviewer: `urllib3.request` is a `func`, not a `meth`. This applies to all the changes below.

It's also not in the reference. To do that, you could add a `docs/reference/urllib3.rst` file:

```
urllib3 top level
=================

.. autofunction:: urllib3.request
```

and add `urllib3` in `reference/index.rst`.

    )

    print(type(resp))

>     # <class "urllib3.urllib3.response.HTTPResponse">

Reviewer 2: This addition isn't needed.

    )

    print(type(resp))

>     # <urllib3.urllib3.response.HTTPResponse>

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above.
